README.md, before:

# FTPDevelopment
<<<<<<< HEAD
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/elimillera/FTPDevelopment.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/elimillera/FTPDevelopment)
This project attempts to demonstrate some different development tools for programming in R. This project will include continuous integration using Travis CI, unit testing using testthat, and functional testing using shinytest.

## Continous Integration
CI is helpful for iterative software development. It lets you know your additions and changes to your repository will not break any other of your code. The badge at the top of this read me gives the status(hopefully passing).

## Unit Testing
Unit testing doesn't add much value to a project this small, the unit tests are practically functional.

## Functional Testing
Functional testing tests the end product and ensure all of the pieces are working together correctly. It tests the function of the overall application.
=======
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/elimillera/FTPDevelopment.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/elimillera/FTPDevelopment)
>>>>>>> 045cc6c238d13357f411ad5dd6d05e5ad4c05d49

Commit message:

Add code coverage and unit tests

README.md, after:

# FTPDevelopment
<<<<<<< HEAD
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/elimillera/FTPDevelopment.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/elimillera/FTPDevelopment)
[![Coverage status](https://codecov.io/gh/elimillera/FTPDevelopment/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/github/elimillera/FTPDevelopment?branch=master)

This project attempts to demonstrate some different development tools for programming in R. This project will include continuous integration using Travis CI, unit testing using testthat, and functional testing using shinytest.

## Continous Integration
CI is helpful for iterative software development. It lets you know your additions and changes to your repository will not break any other of your code. The badge at the top of this read me gives the status(hopefully passing).

## Unit Testing
Unit testing doesn't add much value to a project this small, the unit tests are practically functional.

## Functional Testing
Functional testing tests the end product and ensure all of the pieces are working together correctly. It tests the function of the overall application.

## Code Coverage
Code Coverage tries to determine how much of your package is included in a unit test.
